Changes to support the new substreams construct for MUX flows (#61)
AMWA-TV/nmos-parameter-registers: capabilities/README.md

  - **Target:** (a) Sender `st2110_21_sender_type` (defined in the [Sender Attributes](../sender-attributes/#st-2110-21-sender-type) register), (b) SDP attribute `a=fmtp:` format-specific parameter `TP`
- **Applicability:** AMWA IS-04

## Substream Constraints

> Mux Senders create IS-04 Flow objects for each subflow included in the mux Flow.
> The mux Flow links to each subflow object using the IS-04 [`parents`](https://specs.amwa.tv/is-04/latest/docs/Data_Model_-_Identifier_Mapping.html#source-and-flow-representation) attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mux Senders create IS-04 Flow resources for each subflow included in the mux Flow.
The mux Flow links to each subflow resource using the IS-04 [`parents`](https://specs.amwa.tv/is-04/latest/docs/Data_Model_-_Identifier_Mapping.html#source-and-flow-representation) attribute.
```

(Generally we haven't used `latest` URL but linked to a particular spec version.)
